Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/rasmussenben/pen/RwKZBra?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Use of markup language to show meaning in our webpages.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To build the structure of our websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides additional meaning to an HTML element. It goes within the angled brackets.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The title of the web page, should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title and sometimes the nav bar.
    7. What is an id? 
        Attribute that can be assigned to one element to specify for future use.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element, but only once.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        One time.
    10. What is a class? 
        Attribute that can be assigned to any number of elements to specify for future use.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        include target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Alternate text for an image. Used for both missing images as well as accessibility.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is a semantic differentiation while div is purely functional and does not convey meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style the basic HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used multiple times throughout a page while and id is single use. You might class all body text the same but use a specific id to call out one table.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .class human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        In the example above .class would be the parent to the human child. Useful for more precise styling.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Special state of an element. hover and visited are examples.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm -r  No warning or confirmation before deletion goes through.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Redundancies to back up your work and prevent version mismatch.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        After major changes or every 20 minutes, whichever comes first.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork on github
        Clone using https
        Use cd commands to navigate to where you want to work
        git clone 'link here'
        cd folder
        git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        Make changes
        git add .
        git commit -m 'message'
        git push -u origin name
        In github, change master to your project
        Issue pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block level elements always include a new line after closing. Inline elements do not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        Adds the element to a new layer within the page that no longer interacts with other elements. Useful for things like popups, rollover panels, etc.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 